you ever done drugs
i'm not encouraging you to do drugs you
know this is just a question
i just want to know if you have and by
drugs i mean like any drug
right you ever drink a coca-cola it's
got caffeine in it that's a
drug you might tell yourself it's not
for some reason we let little kids drink
it you know
all not all that chemically different
than uh you know cocaine right
if i'm not mistaken many of you in the
audience
will feel that this just doesn't matter
and some of you will even feel
positively that this is what the
internet is all about
that the wonderful thing about youtube
is that it gives us all the opportunity
to have this kind of freedom of
expression
to come on camera and ever so casually
share whatever's on our mind
and sure some of the things people say
are
scientifically inaccurate misleading
wrong
maybe even dangerous misconceptions
about scientific facts are shared in
this way
but who am i to criticize and
why would you in the audience take the
time
to think about this seriously to engage
in this kind of critique of
misinformation on social media well
would you feel differently
if the man delivering the message were
wearing a lab coat
would you feel differently if you knew
that the man delivering the message was
earning
more than three hundred thousand dollars
a year
maybe the appearance of privilege wealth
and elitism doesn't matter
maybe the reality of privileged wealth
and elitism
really does matter tj kirk
the amazing atheist currently in the
year 2020
earns much much more
than three hundred thousand dollars per
year
if you calculate the minimum amount
he could be making from just one of his
patreon accounts he has more than one
currently
he has had more than one historically
just that one patreon account must earn
more than three hundred and forty
thousand eight hundred and sixty dollars
per year
the math is not hard to do that's
assuming all the subscribers are giving
the minimum
minimum donation amount of five dollars
a month
many will give more this does not even
attempt
to calculate or estimate his other
revenue streams now
can you expect someone who is earning
so much money from youtube
to do a quick google search to do a fact
check
to put some effort into the content
if not the aesthetics of what they're
doing on youtube
i think this question really matters
i look at a guy like kevin smith who has
this
very strange history of different
projects both on the internet and on
youtube in which he's kind of crying
poor and presenting himself as poor oh
this is just a couple of guys who have a
friend who own a bar
who are producing this podcast no kevin
smith
is worth more than 25 million
dollars this website tried to estimate
how much money he makes
per year and they allege that he has an
income
of over 4 million us dollars
per year and you will see kevin smith's
name
is associated with several attempts at
crowdfunding at seeking donations
he makes jokes about having to get out a
second mortgage on his house
there's an article here on the left
about him having a garage sale to help
finance his films if you listen to kevin
smith's content he is actually
constantly misrepresenting himself as
some kind of struggling
middle class filmmaker content creator
youtuber podcaster this sense of him not
being poor
not quite e-begging but just being a
regular guy
like you and i who who can just just
barely get it together to deal with the
technical difficulties of having a
proper microphone and camera set up for
these podcasts and other
projects he does it's fake i mean it's
fake poverty it's fake powerlessness
from someone who is in an extraordinary
position
of power privilege and wealth now i have
to say i don't
vilify millionaires i don't hate
rich people for being rich i think that
if you are a multi-millionaire
you have different options
i think if you were a multi-millionaire
you have different opportunities
and i think you have different
responsibilities
and somehow tj kirk the amazing atheist
has held on to this public image he had
from 13 years ago
as just being some guy casually
recording videos in his
parents garage and i just pointed even
from this one image you can see that is
a
wealthy person's garage okay it doesn't
bother me
i don't mind that his parents were
wealthy his father was a very successful
businessman he's told the story many
times
but like tj kirk never was poor
he wasn't poor as a kid he's not pronoun
but he's maintained this image of
himself
as struggling to just get by with his
camera by the seat of his pants
the evidence indicates that he is a
multi-millionaire
if you earn more than 300 000
a year year after year after year and
again
his real income is much more than this
this is not attempting to calculate his
revenue stream such as the sale of his
books his books cost
quite a lot of money they generate quite
a lot of money and he put
very little effort into them this is not
attempting to estimate what happened to
the money from the various donation
drives he did he raised
23 000 in donations for not productive
i i can't find anywhere on the internet
now a record of how much money he made
for the earlier attempted e-begging to
set up his website
free speech vids that's a lot of money
000 there were thousands of dollars
raised for a world tour that he never
did also that many people still complain
about the internet in terms of his
history of
scams e-begging donation seeking raising
money through
various kinds of merchandise and various
promotions linked to his books
but actually all of that seems like a
joke
compared to someone who's making 28
000 a month every
month from just his patreon just one of
his patreon accounts
alone this is not attempting to
calculate how much money he makes from
youtube
his current level of fame is much more
modest than his past level of fame it's
reasonable to assume that his current
level of income is much lower
than his past level of income at various
points over the last 10 years
his star has sean starry sean is that
the right firm
his star has been shining quite a bit
brighter over the last
10 years at various points being a
multi-millionaire
doesn't mean that you're a bad person it
means that you have
exceptional responsibilities it means
you have exceptional
opportunities and tj kirk has criticized
other people for doing this i'm showing
you in the bottom right corner there
i remember this video he made
criticizing anita sarkeesian for her
greed and
fundraising where her money came from
what she did i thought he was raising
some interesting questions about the
finances of a fellow youtuber
anita sarkeesian much more recently he
made a video
in which he really attacks michael
jordan
the athlete for presenting himself as
being much more middle class than he is
michael jordan never presented himself
as poor but is living kind of
ordinary guy lifestyle when in fact
michael jordan is
really really a multi-millionaire or
multi-billionaire
these these criticisms i'm sorry
tj i'm sorry the amazing atheist but
they apply
to you and just as i said there's this
sort of strange disconnect between the
reality
of kevin smith's personal wealth and
what he does with it
here on youtube what he does with it as
a youtuber because part of what he does
is just being a youtuber there's this
strange disconnect
between the enormously high level of
financial reward
the amazing atheist has taken from
youtube and the sense of
responsibility he has in content
creation i don't really care about how
expensive your camera is
how expensive your microphone is i think
you should feel a really deep sense
of commitment to your audience and to
the truth even if you're only making
one thousand dollars and i don't mean a
thousand dollars a month
i mean a thousand dollars all time
period
i once made a thousand dollars from
youtube
i decided to spend that money printing
free t-shirts
and giving those t-shirts away for free
to my viewers i just asked them to pay
the the price of postage
and i showed them the receipt i took a
photograph of each receipt for how much
it cost for me to
ship that to them do you think tj kirk
could give away his book
for free his other book originally
retailed it 15
us dollars per copy and in order to make
more money you can read here he put the
font size up to be massive he tried to
make it seem like it was more pages than
it was
he's been ripping off his viewers his
fans his supporters
all this time including in the book
publishing side of the game
i think for someone making more than
300 000 a year and again i'm sorry guys
this could be less than 50 of the money
he's earning to really estimate how much
he's making through
uh youtube itself merchandise all these
other revenue streams it is going to be
significantly more
than 300 000 a year you know what you
could you could give that book away
for free or you could publish the book
and sell it to people just for the cost
of printing and the cost of
shipping just ask them to pay you could
be somewhat
magnanimous towards your fans and you
know what
you can't put a price on virtue how much
would people have to pay
the amazing atheist for him to care
about doing the fact checking
for him to care about producing content
that is actually informative rather than
misleading dangerous dishonest
and bad drugs i got a dick until i got
addicted to smoking cigarettes and i
quit
uh like two months ago or more at this
point every time i see a cigarette
anywhere or sometimes it's just out of
the blue just sitting there
minding my business not even thinking
about smoking a cigarette and bam
want to smoke a cigarette but i don't do
it because i quit you know but i'm
trying to just avoid that
that moment altogether i'm trying to
just
say no to cigarettes like nancy reagan
used to tell us to do when i was a kid
you know just say no don't do drugs
but anyway this video is about
legalizing drugs because
i think drugs should be legal